Add async generator documentation (#17529)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/iteration_protocols/index.md

>
> However, when possible, it's better for `iterable[Symbol.iterator]` to return different iterators that always start from the beginning, like [`Set.prototype[@@iterator]()`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Set/@@iterator) does.

## The async iterator and async iterable protocols

There are another pair of protocols used for async iteration, named **async iterator** and **async iterable** protocols. They have very similar interfaces compared to the iterable and iterator protocols, except that each return value from the calls to the iterator methods is wrapped in a promise.

An object implements the async iterable protocol when it implements the following methods:

| Property            | Value                                                                                                           |
| ------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `[Symbol.asyncIterator]` | A zero-argument function that returns an object, conforming to the async iterator protocol. |

> An object implements the async iterator protocol when it implements the following methods:

Author: I was thinking about it—this one seems trivial enough.

>
> However, when possible, it's better for `iterable[Symbol.iterator]` to return different iterators that always start from the beginning, like [`Set.prototype[@@iterator]()`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Set/@@iterator) does.

## The async iterator and async iterable protocols

There are another pair of protocols used for async iteration, named **async iterator** and **async iterable** protocols. They have very similar interfaces compared to the iterable and iterator protocols, except that each return value from the calls to the iterator methods is wrapped in a promise.

An object implements the async iterable protocol when it implements the following methods:

| Property            | Value                                                                                                           |
| ------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `[Symbol.iterator]` | A zero-argument function that returns an object, conforming to the async iterator protocol. |

An object implements the async iterator protocol when it implements the following methods:

> | Property | Value                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
> | -------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
> | `next()` | A function that accepts zero or one argument and returns a promise. The promise fulfills to an object conforming to the `IteratorResult` interface, and the properties have the same semantics as those of the sync iterator's. |
> | `return(value)` (optional) | A function that accepts zero or one argument and returns a promise. The promise fulfills to an object conforming to the `IteratorResult` interface, and the properties have the same semantics as those of the sync iterator's. |
> | `throw(exception)` (optional) | A function that accepts zero or one argument and returns a promise. The promise fulfills to an object conforming to the `IteratorResult` interface, and the properties have the same semantics as those of the sync iterator's. |
> 

Reviewer: Tables, especially large ones, are extremely annoying to read on small screens, on smartphones, for example. I suggest using a _definition list_:

```suggestion
- `next()`
  - : A function that accepts zero or one argument and returns a promise. The promise fulfills to an object conforming to the `IteratorResult` interface, and the properties have the same semantics as those of the sync iterator.
- `return(value)` {{optional_inline}}
  - : A function that accepts zero or one argument and returns a promise. The promise fulfills to an object conforming to the `IteratorResult` interface, and the properties have the same semantics as those of the sync iterator.
- `throw(exception)` {{optional_inline}}
  - : A function that accepts zero or one argument and returns a promise. The promise fulfills to an object conforming to the `IteratorResult` interface, and the properties have the same semantics as those of the sync iterator.

```
